Comparing python objects (such as list/tuple) with `mlx.core.array` (#920)
ml-explore/mlx: ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.md

- Hinrik Snær Guðmundsson: Added `atleast_1d`, `atleast_2d`, `atleast_3d` ops.
- Luca Arnaboldi: Added `Ceil` and `Floor` ops; implemented pickling, copy and deepcopy for mlx arrays.
- Brian Keene & Atila Orhon, with Argmax Inc.: Added `fast.scaled_dot_product_attention`

> - AmirHossein Razlighi: Added chaining support for some of the ops in `nn.Module`, Some Debug and Enhancements in `mlx.core.array`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AmirHossein Razlighi: Added chaining support for some of the ops in `nn.Module`. Comparisons works for non array objects in `mlx.core.array`.
```
